# Medicine-Tablet-Notification-System
An Internet of Things (IoT)-based Smart Automatic Medication Dispenser with an Integrated Web Application for Patient Diagnosis

R. T. Meghla, M. E. Deowan, A. K. Nuhel, M. M. Sazid, M. N. Ekbal and M. H. Mahamud, "An Internet of Things (IoT)- based Smart Automatic Medication Dispenser with an Integrated Web Application for Patient Diagnosis," 2022 5th International Conference of Computer and Informatics Engineering (IC2IE), Jakarta, Indonesia, 2022, pp. 16-21, doi: 10.1109/IC2IE56416.2022.9970073.Abstract: Health problems are getting worse day by day. Nowadays, most people undergo more than one disease irrespective of their age. This paper describes the development of the Smart Medication Dispenser (SMD) system employing a microcontroller, GSM module, and its associated hardware. In addition, an application has been created to provide basic prescriptions for common illnesses and notifications for various patient activities. The intelligent SMD will assist patients with the correct distribution of a predetermined number of tablets at a predetermined time. A patient who takes medicine according to SMD will give notification or an alert. It will also be able to give specific treatments for common diseases using the existing database. A gear mechanism will be employed to administer the pills. The Doctor or the caregiver can examine how the client uses the SMD. The networking firmware will avail the complete communication of the SMD device.

URL: [https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9970073&isnumber=9970007](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/9970073)
